mention minimum git version required to use git filter-repo script (#29379)
github/docs: content/get-started/using-git/splitting-a-subfolder-out-into-a-new-repository.md

  ghec: '*'
shortTitle: Splitting a subfolder
---
 

>  {% tip %}
> 
>    **Note:** Make sure your git >= 2.22.0 otherwise `git filter-repo` will not work.
> 
>  {% endtip %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% note %}

 **Note:** You need Git version 2.22.0 or later to follow these instructions, otherwise `git filter-repo` will not work.

{% endnote %}
```

>  **Note:** You need Git version 2.22.0 or later to follow these instructions, otherwise `git filter-repo` will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** You need Git version 2.22.0 or later to follow these instructions, otherwise `git filter-repo` will not work.
```

Sorry, not sure how I only deleted one indentation, just sorting 👍
